Things in big cities are too expensive.
200,000 I can't afford it, you don't have to buy it
We send it for free.
Vegetable Xiao Guo
Is there anything wrong with Waldo?
He seems to have said to give it to me for free haha.
What's going on?
I don't know.
Free delivery won't recognize you, right?
This is your industry
There are too many stores under the name.
We send it for free because you are a customer.
It's because you are the lucky customer.
Lucky Customer
Every year we select one lucky customer
Give away a piece of jewelry worth less than 300,000
You are the lucky customer of the year
Is it vegetable?
Did you see that?
Your mom is lucky today, haha.
I see it, I see it.
Then you wrap it up for my mom.
Hey, this is Mrs. Jiang's mother
Yes
Gu Zhengting invited Qin Yue from the countryside
Do you want to marry Jiang Caicai?
Ah Xiaoxue
Mrs. Jiang must not succeed
The position of this young lady is yours
OK
I have to figure out a way not to see him
Do something for me.